In this lecture, we are going to update our block to perform a request for a post.
The request for the posts will look very similar to the request from the Postman application with a
few modifications.
Let's get started in your editor.
Open the index JS file.
To get started.
We're going to need the term IDs at the moment.
The Cuisine's attribute stores an array of terms.
Each term is represented by an object.
Within this object, we're storing the ID.
The end point does not need the entire term object.
It just needs the ID.
Let's create an array with the ID from the cuisine's attributes inside the edit function create a variable
called cuisine ids.
The value for this variable will be the cuisine stop map function.
Next pass in the following arrow function term term dot id.
The map function will return a new array by looping through each item in the current array.
On each iteration, we can return a new value that will replace the current value.
In this example, we are returning the ID property from each term.
As a result, the cuisine IDS variable will be an array of IDs.
After creating this variable, we can begin initiating the request with the use select function.
Let's define a variable called posts.
The value for this variable will be the use select function.
Next pass in an arrow function to start performing the query.
This function will accept the select function as an argument.
From this function.
Let's return the select core dot get entity records function.
So far we've been using the Git entity records function to retrieve taxonomy terms.
It's much more powerful than that.
We can retrieve post data from the database.
The arguments are slightly different.
The first argument is the type of data to retrieve.
We can instruct this function to grab posts by sending this argument to post type.
Next, we must specify the name of the post type.
Let's set this argument to recipe.
The last argument is an object of query parameters for the request.
The query parameters will be nearly identical to the query parameters from the Postman application.
Let's quickly go through them.
The first parameter is called per page.
Set this parameter to the count variable.
Next set the underscore embed parameter to true.
Technically this parameter does not need a value.
However, properties must have a value for the sake of JavaScript, we will set this parameter to true.
Afterward, let's set the cuisine parameter to the cuisine ids variable.
Arrays are not supported in query parameters.
Fortunately, WordPress will convert our array into a string before sending the request.
The value will be compatible with the rest API endpoints.
Up next, let's set the order property to descending.
Lastly, let's add the order by rating property with a value of one.
There's one more adjustment before considering this request complete.
We may need to perform this request multiple times.
For example, the user may want to change the post counts.
Alternatively, they may change the taxonomy terms.
If the user changes the block settings, the requests should be initiated again.
Otherwise the block may display incorrect results.
The use select function has an optional third argument.
It's an array of variables to watch.
Let's pass in an array with the count and cuisine ids variables.
By passing in these variables, WordPress will watch these variables for changes.
If either variable changes, the request is sent again, thus giving us fresh results.
WordPress is very efficient.
If other areas of the applications are updated, the request is not sent.
The request is bound to the accounts and cuisine ID's variables.
After creating the posts, let's log the value.
Next, refresh the Guttenberg editor.
Let's add the popular recipes block.
From the developer tools.
Open the console panel.
Initially the block will log null.
This response indicates that the request is not complete.
The post data is not available.
After a few moments, an array should be logged in the console.
This array is the response to the request.
If you look inside the array, you'll encounter post data.
Perfect.
In the next lecture, let's begin displaying this data in the template.